---
title: 영어 파트너 챗 질문지 목록
resource-path: 영어 파트너 챗 질문지 목록.md
aliases:
tags:
date: 2025-09-29T09:14:09+09:00
lastmod: 2025-10-27T09:29:25+09:00
---
1. What is something you are mad about?  
   I really enjoy getting enough sleep.
	1. why  
	   if i get enough  sleep and wake up I feel great the next day.
2. What kind of person are you?  
   Actually, I’m not sure exactly what kind of person I am yet, but I know that what I want to be, i went to be easygoing! because Being too serious feels exhausting. sometime i asked for me Could I become more relaxed? It might take time, but I think it’s worth it.
3. When was the last time you felt happy or angry? Can you tell me about it?  
   Yesterday! It was the weekend, so I spent the whole day sleeping. I felt happy just being lazy. Thank goodness for rest—I think that’s something we all need.





---



1. What’s it gonna take for the good life?
   
   
   I hate having to hurry because of unexpected things. i think good life means staying calm and peaceful most of the time, without constant interruptions.
   
   
1. I don’t think money is directly but it still seems like a pretty important factor. what do you think about that?
   
   money isn’t everything, but having at least the minimum is essential. but It doesn’t create happiness, it helps avoid stress—so it matters, just not as the main thing.
   
   
1. Is there someone you know who seems to be living a really good life? If so, tell me about them!
   
   Yes! It’s my friend. He’s really good at keeping stress low because he sees himself objectively—never letting emotions take over. Happiness just seems to come easily to him.
   I don’t want to be exactly, but I’d love **to have** that mindset—and honestly, it’s something that **can be learned**.

---

1. What sports do you like the most?
	1. my favorite sport is soccer second is running
	2. Why?
	3. Because Soccer is a sport that has a larger market than most other sports, it is many exciting things to watch which is leagues like the EPL, Bundesliga and La Liga, and on the international side, the World Cup. world cup is the most-watched event in human history. isn’t it?
2. What skills are important to play  that sport well? (1번에서 말한 스포츠에 대해)
	1. i think short burst speed is most important to play soccer. of course stamina is also important but when you're under pressure from an opponent, the most important skill is short-speed
3. Which sport do you think is the most difficult or competitive?
	1. i think boxing is most difficult sports
	2. Why?
	3. I’ve seen this information before—boxing has the highest heart rate of any sport. I even visited a boxing gym once, and it was incredibly hard.
